Stan
let's look around boy / girl why did you
move yeah I'm saving the best for last I
said get out of the way yeah hey terms I
just lost my journey germ no no you
checked my jinga chef huh tough talk for
someone you stood on the sidelines while
as nobody flunkies did the fighting I do
I'm told you gotta cry oh I think this
is my favorite do you written on raising
my own I guess you think you can psych
me out by saying really random stuff and
also with you
what full bladder role that was weird
you know I think he was just trying to
confuse you yeah you're right do the
mario swing your arms from side to side
come on it's time to go do the mario
date one step and then again let's do
the mario all together now